It was a Tuesday night. Derek was driving home from work. As he was driving
he noticed something on the side of the road and pulled over. When he 
got out of the car, he saw a small puppy standing on the side of the empty 
road.
"That's wierd." He thought. The puppy just stood there if it was waiting for someone, but he was really sure that there was no one besides him on that road. By curiousity, he approached the puppy to have a better look at it. But as he approaching, the puppy seemed to be really afraid of him and started to move backwards into the darkness.

As Derek followed the puppy into the darkness of the alley, he felt a chill in the air.
The hair on the back of his neck began to rise. As the darkness closed in
around him, Derek became aware that there was something attached to the puppy.
Despite his screaming instincts, curiosity got the better of him. As Derek
became completely enveloped in shadows, his fate was sealed.

The dog was actually a 6'5" 250 pound demon beast towering over Derek, spitting all over
Derek with the acid slobber. Derek was crying out of his melting tear glands, and the demon was about to eat him whole. "Stay down, Fluffy!" a voice cried in the background. It was the owner of the beast. Derek thought, "Is this my savior? Am I going to get out alive?" The man walked up with his large trenchcoat and fedora and tipped his hat. "This one's for me." The man suddenly transformed into a 7'5" 350 pound demon with ripped muscles. "Ain't this about a-" and Derek was eaten.

A few days later, when Derek's mother came to visit him, she was surprised
to see that his car wasn't in the driveway. She tried calling him, but no 
answer. Worried out of her mind, she called the police. They went searching and
the next day the police found Derek's car, with the door open. They found
footprints going into the woods, and then all of a sudden they footprints just
stopped. There was no sign of life in the woods. They couldn't figure out what 
had happened to him. And so, Derek's body was never found, the case was closed
and the demons lived on, killing everyone who dared to follow them into the 
forest. 
